About the job
What do you think of when you hear the name MNP? We are more than a prominent consulting firm in tax and accounting, we are redefining how organizations succeed in the digital age by bridging strategic vision, technical innovation, and operational execution to deliver transformative results.

Make an impact as we look to strengthen our Digital Solutions practice with an Analyst Power Platform & D365. This diverse team of tech-savvy problem solvers are passionate about leveraging modern automation and low-code platforms to solve business challenges and drive operational efficiency.

At MNP, you will work alongside a collaborative team of creative thinkers and problem-solvers. You will gain hands-on experience, tackle meaningful challenges, and grow your skills in an environment where your voice is valued, and your development is a priority. If you are ready to accelerate your career and make a lasting impact, this is where your journey begins.

Responsibilities

Collaborate with business and technical stakeholders to gather requirements and translate them into low-code solutions.
Design, build, and maintain applications using Microsoft Power Platform (Power Apps, Power Automate).
Support automation initiatives using Robotic Process Automation (RPA) tools.
Contribute to the development and enhancement of Copilot Studio experiences.
Assist in deploying and optimizing Microsoft 365 Copilot integrations.
Document workflows, processes, and technical specifications.
Provide support and troubleshooting for deployed solutions.
Stay current with emerging low-code technologies and best practices.


Skills And Experience

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field.
1–3 years of experience in business analysis, application development, or automation.
Familiarity with Microsoft Power Platform (Power Apps, Power Automate).
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent communication and collaboration abilities.


Nice to Have

Experience with Copilot Studio and building custom copilots.
Exposure to Robotic Process Automation (RPA) tools.
Familiarity with Microsoft 365 Copilot and its integration capabilities.
Experience with Azure Logic Apps.
Knowledge of SharePoint for content management and workflows.
Bilingual in French and English.
Excellent communication and client-facing skills


MY REWARDS @ MNP

With a focus on high-potential earnings, MNP is proud to offer customized rewards that support our unique culture and a balanced lifestyle to thrive at work and outside of the office. You will be rewarded with generous base pay, vacation time, 4 paid personal days, a group pension plan with 4% matching, voluntary savings products, bonus programs, flexible benefits, mental health resources, exclusive access to perks and discounts, professional development assistance, MNP University, a flexible ‘Dress For Your Day’ environment, firm sponsored social events and more

Diversity@MNP

We embrace diversity as a core value and celebrate our differences. We believe each team member contributes unique gifts and amplifying their potential makes our business stronger. We encourage people with disabilities to apply!