Junior Linux Support Analyst
Category: Software Development/ Engineering
Main location: Canada, Alberta, Calgary
Position ID: J0126-1585
Employment Type: Full Time

Position Description:
Ready to join an outstanding culture that cares about diversity and inclusion, corporate social responsibility, and gives the freedom to innovate, influence decisions, and chart an exciting career.
CGI is more than just an IT company. Be part of a team that supports the local community with the ability to draw on global best-in-class talent! Benefits include a share purchase program, profit sharing, wellness credit, training and development programs, and flexible work schedules and locations.
About the Role
We are seeking an entry-level Linux Support Analyst to join our Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) operations team. This role is ideal for a recent graduate with a strong foundation in Linux who is eager to build hands-on experience supporting enterprise cloud platforms. The engineer will support day-to-day OCI cloud operations, server administration, security, monitoring, and troubleshooting activities.

Your future duties and responsibilities:
. Support in maintaining the company's cloud infrastructure in line with the latest industry standards.
. Perform Linux operating system patch upgrades to ensure optimal performance and security.
. Assist in configuring and managing security settings and protocols to protect cloud systems and data.
. Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to cloud infrastructure, including system failures, security breaches, and network issues.
. Collaborate with the IT team to develop and implement cloud strategies and solutions.
. Monitor and analyze system performance, including troubleshooting and resolving any issues.
. Stay up-to-date with the latest industry trends and advancements in cloud computing and Linux operating systems.
. Ensure all cloud operations comply with regulatory requirements and company policies.
. Familiarity with standard IT security practices such as encryption, certificates, and key management.
. Understanding and experience with containers.
. Knowledge of networking.
. Participate in monitoring activities and provide support during assigned shift rotations, including evening or early morning support when required.

Required qualifications to be successful in this role:
. A minimum of 1 year of experience as a Cloud Engineer or similar role in cloud computing.
. Knowledge of Linux operating systems and experience with system patch upgrades are assets
. Understanding of cloud security configurations and protocols.
. Problem-solving skills and the ability to troubleshoot complex cloud system issues.
. Strong communication skills and the ability to work effectively in a team.
. Knowledge of cloud computing technologies and current computing trends.
. Familiarity with standard IT security practices such as encryption, certificates, and key management.
. Understanding and experience with containers.
. Knowledge of networking.
. Knowledge of Linux command-line interface (CLI)
. Basic programming/scripting knowledge in Bash, Ansible

Educational Qualification

. Bachelor's degree or diploma in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field.
. Relevant professional certifications such as Azure Fundamentals, AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner, or Oracle Cloud Infrastructure 2024 Foundations Associate.

"CGI is providing a reasonable estimate of the pay range for this role. The determination of this range includes various factors, including but not limited to skill set level, geographic market, experience and training, and licenses and certifications. Compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. A reasonable estimate of the current range is $55,000 - $105,000."

#LI-AP1

Skills:
Angular CLI
Ansible
BASH
Linux
What you can expect from us:
Together, as owners, let’s turn meaningful insights into action.

Life at CGI is rooted in ownership, teamwork, respect and belonging. Here, you’ll reach your full potential because…

You are invited to be an owner from day 1 as we work together to bring our Dream to life. That’s why we call ourselves CGI Partners rather than employees. We benefit from our collective success and actively shape our company’s strategy and direction.

Your work creates value. You’ll develop innovative solutions and build relationships with teammates and clients while accessing global capabilities to scale your ideas, embrace new opportunities, and benefit from expansive industry and technology expertise.

You’ll shape your career by joining a company built to grow and last. You’ll be supported by leaders who care about your health and well-being and provide you with opportunities to deepen your skills and broaden your horizons.

At CGI, we value the strength that diversity brings and are committed to fostering a workplace where everyone belongs. We collaborate with our clients to build more inclusive communities and empower all CGI partners to thrive. As an equal-opportunity employer, being able to perform your best during the recruitment process is important to us. If you require an accommodation, please inform your recruiter.

To learn more about accessibility at CGI, contact us via email. Please note that this email is strictly for accessibility requests and cannot be used for application status inquiries.

Come join our team—one of the largest IT and business consulting services firms in the world.

