About the job
What You'll Do

The Junior Analyst supports the Canadian Tire Retail Team by ensuring compliance with provincial Printed Paper and Packaging Recycling Stewardship programs. In this role, you will be the vendor liaison, as well as the subject matter expert for internal teams with respect to recovery rates, payment records and files, and other procedural documentation for the ‘Blue Box’ Program. You will be the point person for accurate financial compliance reporting of the environment stewardship programs for all of our Canadian Tire Retail stakeholders. The role is challenging and requires great attention to detail, insightfulness and being resourceful.

Data Collection and Analysis

Gather and analyze data related to annual Blue Box recycling program reports. 
Ensure data accuracy and integrity by validating and cross-referencing with multiple sources. 

Report Preparation

Prepare and submit Blue Box program reports in compliance with provincial regulations and deadlines. 
Create detailed and summary reports for internal and external stakeholders. 

Compliance and Regulation

Stay up-to-date with provincial regulations and requirements for Blue Box programs. 
Ensure all reporting activities are compliant with current laws and regulations. 

Stakeholder Collaboration

Work closely with internal IT team to update reporting system. 
Communicate effectively with stakeholders (vendors, CBMs, provincial stewardship organizations) to address queries and provide clarifications. 

Process Improvement

Identify opportunities for improving data collection and reporting processes. 
Implement best practices and innovative solutions to enhance reporting efficiency and accuracy

Training and Support

Develop and Maintain documentation and guidelines for reporting procedures. 

What You Bring

Bachelor's degree in Business, Data Analytics, or a related field. 
Minimum of 1 year of experience in data analysis, reporting, or a related role, preferably within the recycling or waste management sector. 
Proficiency in data analysis tools and software (e.g., Excel, SQL, Power BI). 
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. 
Strong attention to detail and accuracy. 

We’re always looking for great talent! In addition to competitive pay, we offer:

Comprehensive benefits and retirement programs
Performance incentives, Continuing Education Programs
Other perks to support your well-being
Career growth opportunities and product discounts

Our typical hiring range is between $44,000.00 and $73,000.00 per annum. Salary decisions are also dependent on other factors such as your experience, job-related knowledge, skills and competencies, market location, industry benchmarks, internal equity and other role-specific requirements.

This posting represents an existing vacancy within our organization.

About Us

Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited (“CTC”) is one of Canada’s most admired and trusted companies. With more than 90 Owned Brands, 1,700 retail locations, financial services, exemplary e-commerce capabilities, and exciting market-leading merchandising strategies. We dream big and work as one to innovate with purpose for our customers at every level of our business, investing in new technologies and products, and doubling down on top talent to drive the company forward. We offer competitive salaries and wages to CTC employees, as well as store discounts, supported learning through our Triangle Learning Academy, Canadian Tire Profit Sharing, and retirement and savings programs for eligible employees. As part of our enhanced flex benefits program, we offer mental health benefits in the amount of $5,000 per year for benefits-eligible employees and their families, including total well-being, and mental health tools and resources for all employees. Join us in helping to make life in Canada better through living and working our Core Values: we are innovators and entrepreneurs at our core, outcomes drive us, inclusion is a must, we are stronger together and we take personal responsibility. It is an especially exciting time to join CTC and its family of companies where career opportunities are wide-ranging! Join us, where there's a place for you here.

Our Commitment to Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging

We are committed to fostering an environment where belonging thrives, and diversity, inclusion and equity are infused into everything we do. We believe in building an organizational culture where people are consistently treated with dignity while respecting individual religion, nationality, gender, race, age, perceived ability, spoken language, sexual orientation, and identification. We are united in our purpose of being here to help make life in Canada better.

Accommodations 

We stand firm in our Core Value that inclusion is a must. We welcome and encourage candidates from equity-seeking groups such as people who identify as racialized, Indigenous, 2SLGBTQIA+, women, people with disabilities, and beyond. Should you require any accommodation in applying for this role, or throughout the interview process, please make them known when contacted and we will work with you to help meet your needs.

Website : https://www.canadiantire.ca/en.html