About the job
We’re looking for a Junior Software Developer who can design, build, test, and ship high quality software that delivers value to our customers. You’ll work on a small and agile team that continuously incorporates feedback to refine and improve the products and features you deliver. You will learn and follow established patterns and best practices and be supported in delivering high quality work as part of the team. The team will own the entire delivery lifecycle from beta releases to production ready, scalable products suitable for new and existing customers. This job is open to candidates across Canada, in provinces where we can legally hire and will report to the Senior Manager, Software Development.

What You’ll Do

Deliver low-complexity projects ensuring alignment with coding and design standards, testing practices, and company guidelines for security, accessibility, and privacy.
Contribute to the successful execution of the team's roadmap by asking questions, providing input, and promptly escalating identified risks and scope changes.
Actively engage in team activities, working out loud, learning from peers, contributing to code reviews and documentation as you work towards achieving team goals.
Actively engage in troubleshooting, addressing minor bugs independently, and collaborating with senior team members to resolve more complex issues.
Work within a cross-functional team, fostering positive team relationships, and maintain effective communication with peers and stakeholders. 

What You’ll Need

A degree in Computer Science or Engineering, and 1-2 years of experience developing and maintaining software (including co-op terms and internships) or an equivalent level of education or work experience.
Learn and follow existing patterns and best practices in delivering code and writing tests for individual stories.
Experience with backend development in Scala or Go, or strong interest in learning them.
Exposure to event-driven / streaming systems such as Kafka, including producing/consuming events and basic troubleshooting.
Familiarity with cloud-native deployment: Docker, Kubernetes, and AWS (EC2, SQS) in a microservices environment.
Basic understanding of monitoring & reliability using tools like Prometheus, Grafana, Sumologic.
Ability to learn about and use root cause analysis to identify and address bugs and outages. Follow logging, monitoring and debugging best practices in the components and classes you work on.
Learn and follow existing architecture concepts and best practices to extend existing software modules and components that meet system performance, modifiability, maintainability and reliability needs.
Learn about and follow basic security and compliance practices in daily work.
Follow common agile processes and continuous integration and delivery practices to ship stories and own low complexity epics/projects.
You can collaborate and communicate effectively within a team. Participate in technical discussions, listen actively and understand non-technical input from design and product.
Actively seek guidance, feedback, and learning opportunities within the team to foster personal and professional growth.
Display eagerness to learn and collaborate on goal-setting. Supported in creating and aligning goals with personal development.
Understand roadmaps and participate in delivering on them effectively by communicating risks and opportunities at the individual level.
Customer Focus: demonstrates a desire to proactively help and serve internal/external customers meet their needs
Perseverance: pursues everything with energy, drive, and a need to finish—doesn’t give up
Resilience, Tolerance for Change/Ambiguity: can effectively cope with change, finding ways to advance work and projects

Who You Are

Solution seeker. You’re focused on tackling new challenges, solving problems, and moving the business forward—and you don’t wait to be asked.
Lifelong learner. You have a growth mindset – you’re here to learn, experiment, seek, apply, and provide feedback, share what works with your team, and move on from what doesn’t.
Resilient adapter. In the face of change and challenges, you bring a thoughtful, calm approach, and a focus on finding the new opportunity.
Intentional collaborator. You build positive working relationships across the business, bringing people together to foster new opportunities and to facilitate the efficient flow of information.
Critical challenger. You have the trust in your team to ask difficult questions in order to get to the best end result.
Active communicator. You listen actively and communicate ideas and information clearly, inclusively, and proactively.
Integrated thinker. You look beyond your role and responsibilities to understand how your team’s work drives broader organizational goals.
Accountable owner. You take pride in the work you’re responsible for with a mindset of ultimate accountability and reliability for the outcomes.
Bar-raiser. You step up to help your team grow and succeed, even when that means going beyond what might be expected.

In all we do, our six guiding principles light the way:

Step Up: Dare to go beyond the expected to achieve greatness. #StepUp

One Team: Make Hootsuite a place we soar together by respecting each other's individuality, building trust, and showing up for the team. #OneTeam #FreeToBeMe

Customer Obsessed: Focus relentlessly on helping our customers succeed. #CustomerObsessed

Go Fast, Be Agile: Widen our competitive advantage by committing to speed and simplicity over perfection and complexity. #GoFastBeAgile

Play to Win: Commit to building an incredible, profitable company for our customers, our employees, and our stakeholders. #PlayToWin #NoExcuses

Neighbours & Allies: Give back to our communities and be an ally. #SocialForGood #Allies

Accommodations will be provided as requested by candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.

This posting is for a current vacancy for which we are actively hiring.

Canada Pay Range For This Role
$67,700—$94,700 CAD
Use of AI in Hiring

Hootsuite uses artificial intelligence (AI) to support our recruitment process. These tools may assist with screening and assessing applicants and / or summarizing interview feedback. All final hiring decisions are made by human decision-makers who use their professional judgement to review and evaluate relevant candidate information in addition to AI outputs. For more information about how we use AI and your rights, please see our Careers Privacy Policy.

Website : https://www.hootsuite.com/