About the job
Title: Business Analyst

Employment Type: Full-Time

Location: Calgary, Alberta

Reports To: Manager - Corporate & Business Development

Start Date: Immediate

Closing Date: March 5, 2026

                 

About Us



Spartan Delta Corp. (“Spartan” or the “Company”) is committed to creating value for its shareholders, focused on sustainability both in operations and financial performance. The Company's culture is centered on generating free funds flow through responsible oil and gas exploration and development. The Company has established a portfolio of high-quality production and development opportunities in the Deep Basin and the Duvernay. Spartan will continue to focus on the execution of the Company's organic drilling program in the Deep Basin, delivering operational synergies in a respectful and responsible manner to the environment and communities it operates in. The Company is well positioned to continue pursuing optimization in the Deep Basin, participate in the consolidation of the Deep Basin fairway, and continue growing and developing its Duvernay asset by leveraging Spartan’s balance sheet and free funds flow. Spartan is publicly traded on the TSX under the symbol “SDE”.



We currently have an exciting opportunity to join our growing team!



Business Analyst

 

Spartan is seeking an individual to fulfill the responsibilities of a Business Analyst to join the Business Development team. This role is primarily responsible for the evaluation of growth opportunities and facilitating communication with shareholders and research analysis. 



What You Will Do 



Support corporate strategy initiatives and the evaluation of M&A opportunities.
Build, analyze, and maintain financial models.
Create, analyze, and maintain industry and peer comparisons.
Assist in the preparation of presentation materials and press releases for management, board of directors, and investors on a quarterly, annual, and ad-hoc basis.
Coordinate and collaborate with internal teams, including engineering, geoscience, land, and operations.
Maintain records and databases of internal operating performances, shareholders, research, etc. 
Conduct comprehensive market analysis to identify business opportunities and industry trends.
 

 

Who You Are



Bachelor’s degree in Finance or Economics.
Minimum 1-3 years of investment banking experience or relevant experience within the energy sector.
Strong understanding of upstream economics.
Strong analytical skills with proficiency in financial modeling, valuation, M&A advisory.
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to build relationships and effectively communicate and support stakeholders at all levels.
Exposure to M&A transactions and corporate development processes would be considered an asset.
Strong work ethic and curiosity.
Highly proficient in Excel with demonstrated ability to analyze large datasets.
Experience with Bloomberg, Geoscout and ValNav would be considered an asset.
 

What We Offer

 

Spartan is a modern energy company offering a comprehensive benefits program including a Flex Spending Account; a competitive total compensation package including an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) and Long-Term Incentive Program (“LTIP”); as well as a collaborative work environment with career advancement and growth opportunities.



To Apply

 

Please submit your resume to careers@spartandeltacorp.com, subject: Business Analyst. Spartan is an equal opportunity employer, and all applications will be treated with the highest level of discretion. Only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted. Thank you for your interest.